hey guys today I have this awesome video
game for pilots or Xbox 360 I know this
video is not sponsored I wish it was but
I have a load of them couldn't do gun
theft auto's and we also have a Final
Fantasy X for the PlayStation 2 is bonus
DVD disc in mint condition and I just
that's disc no scratches nothing I might
give away some of these games I don't
know but Final Fantasy X Smackdown and
then we have Smackdown vs. raw 2011 then
I've game or not I haven't played then
check disk
mint condition disk fever 11
nobody likes fifa I can't even be
bothered to check FIFA FIFA 12 skipping
all the faeces unless you guys want me
to do that comment if you want me to do
the fevers and we have statins creed 2
mint condition disk chastened speed 302
disks one is the installation disk I
think the other I think these are
actually just yeah so two disks one is
for downloading your playing and the ups
Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag which also
has one so2 dish but one of them is the
multiplayer mode I just realized now
that Assassin's Creed Black Flag was
only created in 2014 but and then we
have the original
satins Creed which I'm going to give
away maybe as I already have this
statins Creed let me have Batman Arkham
origins
two disks one for the insulation over
for play and now I hope I don't get
copyrighted for doing this then we have
spec ops the line which I don't think
anybody please but it's by 2k games I
hear people I can't even let this disc
out good dish
it's anybody will ever play this
and we have call of duty black ops and
I'm sorry this is but the rent some of
these were a your games and I absolutely
love black ops for my favorite video
game franchises apart from call of duty
modern warfare this has been scratched
to death but I think I might be able to
stop by it definitely not given that way
and then we have gone theft also
episodes from Liberty City it's not in
the best condition so I might clean this
up so in scratch dish it's not it's not
scratched to death black ops 2 and these
are all the games we went through so far
and we have concept also for one of my
favorite video games it's not scratched
and we have Project Gotham Racing or PGR
which is p gr for wheels nuts I might do
the video on these not scratched and of
course last game we have is Seder rally
and it's not scratched let me know which
game you think is the best out of all of
these so we have Final Fantasy 10
Smackdown vs. raw 2011 fifa 11 fifa 12
fifa 13 fifa 14 justin screeches Chantry
3 Sasson speed for Assassin's Creed then
we have Batman Arkham origins
spec ops align call of duty black ops
Grand Theft Auto episodes from Liberty
City Grand Theft Auto 4 Project Gotham
Racing 4 and Sega Rally comment which
one you think's best
and so that was my gaming hall and so
I'll see you guys soon thank you guys